We've got the tests around the listener passing, but we do have some other failures.
We are going to fix up all those failures.
They're related to a change we made to our ticket model just a little bit ago.
But first, I want to wrap up the tests around the ticket created listener.
So for right now, I'm going to filter the test that we run by pressing W and then P and I'll enter
in the name of the ticket created listener files.
So just ticket created listener should be enough.
Now I'm going to run.
Just test out that file again just to hide those other kind of annoying failures.
Very good.
Kate back inside.
My editor now going to wrap up the second test right here.
So the only goal of this test is to make sure that we actually call the function after we have somehow
processed the event.
We're going to go through a very similar series of steps where we first call setup, then call on message,
and then write out some assertion.
So let's get to it at the very top of the test.
We will get.
Data listener and message from a wait setup.
Well then call the on message function and we'll pass in the data object and the message objects so
await listener on message.
And pass in data and message.
And then finally we need to write an assertion to make sure that the act function on that message object
was actually called.
It's a pretty straightforward to do that will do expect.
MSG to have been felt.
So let's say that.
Check our tests.
Looks good as usual.
Make it fail.
We'll say not to have been called very quickly.
Yep.
Definitely fails.
Definitely gets called one time.
I will remove that dot and we are good to go.
Well.
Well, I would say that looks pretty reasonable.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video and we're going to fix up some of those other tests we have
inside of our order service.
I know it's very off topic from all this listener stuff, but is something that we broke just a little
bit ago when we were working on these listeners and we just never quite saw it.
Those tests were failing until right now.
The little divergence in the next video and then come back to testing our ticket updated listener as
well.